Add Readme (#4)
pq-code-package/mlkem-rust-libcrux: README.md

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

# mlkem-rust-libcrux
`mlkem-rust-libcrux` is a portable Rust implementation of ML-KEM which
optionally supports optimizations for AVX2 and NEON platforms.

It originates in the `libcrux` library of formally verified
cryptographic algorithm in Rust.

## Getting Started
To use this implementation of ML-KEM in your Rust project, run

```
cargo add libcrux-ml-kem
```
in your project directory, or add

```

> libcrux-ml-kem = "0.0.2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libcrux-ml-kem = "0.0.3"
```

[`cryspen/libcrux#894`](https://github.com/cryspen/libcrux/issues/894).

### Crate Features
The crate provides the following features.

Default features:
- `mlkem512`, `mlkem768` & `mlkem1024`: These can be used to select
  individual parameter sets. By default, all parameter sets are
  included.
- `rand`: Whereas the default APIs for `generate_key_pair` and
  `encapsulate` expect external provision of random bytes, this
  feature enables randomized versions of these APIs (in submodules
  `mlkem512::rand`, `mlkem768::rand`, `mlkem1024::rand`) which take an
  `&mut impl rand_core::CryptoRng` argument to generate the required
  randomness internally.
- `default-no-std` & `std`: Disabling default feature `std` provides
  `no_std` support. For convenience `default-no-std` collects all default
  features except `std`.
  
Additional features:
- `kyber`: Provides access to an, as yet, unverified implementation of
  Kyber as submitted in Round 3 of the NIST PQ competition. The Kyber
  APIs follow the general structure of the ML-KEM APIs.
- `check-secret-independence`: All operations on ring elements in the
  portable implementation use the integer types of the

>   `libcrux-secrets` crate under the hood. That crate allows checking a

Reviewer: Shall we link the secrets crate here?

```suggestion
  [`libcrux-secrets`](https://crates.io/crates/libcrux-secrets) crate under the hood. That crate allows checking a
```

>   program operating on these types for secret indepence at compile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  program operating on these types for secret independence at compile
```

  time. Enabling the `check-secret-independence` feature switches on
  this compile-time checking of secret independence. By default, the
  integer types of `libcrux-secrets` transparently fall back on Rust's
  standard integer types.
- `simd128`, `simd256`: These features force a compilation for NEON or
  AVX2 targets, respectively, as discussed above.
- `incremental`: An experimental API, which allows for incremental
  encapsulation.

## Security
As outlined in the description of the `check-secret-independence`
feature above, we leverage the Rust type system to ensure that secret

> values are not used in operations that are known to be
> non-constant time. While the implementation of constant time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
values are not used in operations that are known to have
data-dependent execution time. While the implementation of constant time
```

operations is best-effort, as there are no guarantees from the
compiler, we follow established constant-time patterns and validate
constant-time code via inspection of the generated assembly
instructions.

## Verification Status
The portable and AVX2 code for field arithmetic, NTT polynomial
arithmetic, serialization, and the generic code for high-level
algorithms is formally verified using [hax](https://hax.cryspen.com) and [F*](https://fstar-lang.org).

Please refer to [this
file](https://github.com/cryspen/libcrux/blob/f9d1802c06ffe1dec900367e12b00edb1e7f9963/libcrux-ml-kem/proofs/verification_status.md)
in the `libcrux-ml-kem` repository for details on the verification of
this crate.

## Performance
We provide a dashboard of benchmark results for the main key
generation, encapsulation and decapsulation APIs across different
platforms and operating systems at
[libcrux.cryspen.com](https://libcrux.cryspen.com).

If you wish to run the benchmarks yourself, you can do so by running
```
cargo bench
```
from the crate root of the `libcrux-ml-kem` crate.

> ## FAQ
> TBD

Reviewer: I can't really think of anything here right now. Let's just drop it for now and add it when we have content.

```suggestion
```
